You just became a Raven.
I'm having money problems, dad.
I need your help.
Right now, you're not an
investment I'm interested in.
I am the majority
owner of Tric...
which means you can
get the hell out.
Take your seats. I'm your new
english teacher -- Mr. Chavez.
Nick?
We really can't do this, right?
I'm not leaving here till
I get my damn pills.
It's either the pills or me.
Leave me alone!
- Who are you?
- Guess I'm your brother.
I know that was a lot of money,
but I'm gonna pay you back.
Every cent.
Take your time.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
How you doing?
He's with me.
What are you doing here?!
I came here to wish you luck.
Somebody might see you.
Oh, no one here knows me.
Besides, there's nothing
wrong with a teacher coming up
to check on his most
promising student --
his most promising, sexy,
irresistible student.
Uh, Brooke,
where do you want these?
Over there's... fine.
Thank you again for
helping me out today.
I'd be totally lost if
it weren't for you.
That's cool.
It gets me out of geography.
It's a good thing you're
student-council president.
So, what do you
need me to do next?
Um, I need you to take
these body jewels
and paste them on Tia.
I want them on her neck,
her thighs, and her cleavage.
Mouth.
Breathe and paste.
Okay.
Hey, come on.
Oh, hey. I'm getting that.
You shouldn't be
straining yourself.
You can't risk
falling and stuff.
Relax. I'm pregnant,
not elderly.
Oh, anyway, I'm glad you're up.
Are you kidding me?
The semifinal's tonight.
I could barely sleep.
- I want to go to Duke with you.
- What?
I got my acceptance letter from Duke,
and, um,
it just made me think
about what I want.
And I want to make you happy more
than anything else in the world,
- so I want to go to Duke with you!
- Oh, Haley.
You've been so supportive of
me and my dream for music,
and I just want to be supportive of
you and your dream for playing at Duke.
So I want to do
this for us, okay?
How did I get so lucky?
It helps that you're hot.
Well... thank you.
You're gonna be so happy there.
I got to go 'cause I'm meeting Skills
and Lucas for an early workout.
What's all this
stuff for, anyway?
Babysitting.
I thought the extra experience
and money couldn't hurt.
Besides, I just really don't
want to be one of those moms
that's, like,
completely overwhelmed and unprepared
and always screaming at her
kids the way my mom used to be.
Oh, it was crazy. Anyway...
um, the kids are coming
by after school.
And, uh... you know what --
you should stop by and say hi.
Nah. I'll pass.
I don't really like kids.
Uh, I'll like our kid.
Yeah, get out of here, you bum.
Big hands... nice.
I'm so, so sorry.
I'm  -- I'm just not used to
working this close to a girl --
I mean, a woman who is, like...
this hot.
Oh, my god.
You're so cute I could eat you!
Please tell me you're a virgin.
Oh ! Oh, my god!
I'm totally eating you up!
I'm just gonna go
kill myself now.
No, no. It's so hard
to find cute virgin boys.
All my friends would love you.
We're getting together
tonight at a bar.
You should totally join us.
Me?
Join you and your friends?
Well, let's just say that
there's a pretty good chance
you won't wake up
a virgin tomorrow.
So, is that a "yes"?
Peyton.
How did you get in here?
The question is,
how didn't I get in?
I popped open the back door,
the basement window,
and the window near the porch.
Given your history, I thought you'd
pay more attention to home security.
Okay, what are you doing here?
I thought you weren't
interested in sticking around.
I'm not. I just wanted
to make sure you're safe
before I go back to my life.
Well, I slept
great last night...
alone.
So mission accomplished.
Is that why you haven't been
to school in over a week?
A lot of seniors skip class.
They skip school to do fun stuff,
not hide in their room all day,
afraid to step out
onto their own porch.
That's not what I'm doing.
Well, if you're really over
getting attacked by that psycho,
then there's no reason you
shouldn't be at school.
Unless you'd rather hang out here,
not feeling sorry for yourself.
Fine. If it'll get
you out of my house,
I'll go to school.
Fine. I'll drive you.
Fine.
Get moving. It's 0800.
I like the other Derek better.
L. Scott -- 20 in a row.
The boy is on fire.
You ready for tonight?
I'd feel a lot better if I had you
watching my back the whole time.
I know, but I promised my mom not
a second more than 15 minutes.
It ain't like it's gonna
take us half the time
to beat the chumps we're
playin' tonight anyway.
Then we're going to states,
so you know what that means.
We're about to be V.I.P.
around here, dawg.
I'm about to have all the
females getting my name tattooed
all over their body.
I'll be right back.
Daunte. Hey, man.
Um... I don't have
your money yet.
I tried to get a
loan from my mom,
and it turns out she's
not doing so good.
- I know it's 10 grand.
- 15.
What?
You don't make your
payments on time,
juice keeps running
on the money.
You said I could pay
you back whenever.
Yeah. It goes without saying
there's a price with that.
I  mean,
this is the streets, Nathan.
We're not bank of Tree Hill.
What am I supposed to do?
I can't come up with that
kind of cash overnight.
Well, I could
forget the amount.
The Ravens are favored to
win by 10 points tonight.
A lot of people
are betting on it.
I think we're a lock to win
by a lot more than that.
We're gonna blow
those guys out.
Uh, not if you want
your debt to go away.
Look, Nathan,
you can win the game --
just don't win it by
more than nine points.
No way.
Nathan, I'm not
asking you to lose.
The Ravens will still win and
go to the state championship.
You'll be debt-free.
The way I see it,
everybody wins.
Look, Nathan,
I'm trying to help you out, here.
Before you get
yourself in trouble,
take the offer,
or have my money tonight.
Do you know those guys?
Not personally, but I heard
they're into a lot of bad stuff,
so anything they want
with Nate can't be good.
You look amazing.
You look perfect...
this  looks really, really good.
And you look lost.
The plus-size show
is next door.
Very funny. Let me ask you --
if I am so fat,
why am I on the cover of Maxim?
What?!
For the first time ever, Maxim put
a hometown hottie on the cover,
and that hottie is me!
Oh, my god!
Okay, let's celebrate
tonight after the game.
Um... oh, I can't.
I have plans tonight.
Let me guess --
you're going out with Mr. Chavez.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Don't play dumb. I saw you sneak
out last night to meet him.
You claimed it was over.
And you claim
you're not a slut,
and that is such a lie.
I never claimed
I wasn't a slut.
You know, you need to worry
less about my love life
and more about your own with,
like, every guy in America,
because you are so
hot in this spread!
I know.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Peyton, what's wrong?
Oh, come on.
Let's get you home.
I don't know what's
wrong with me.
My back problems
just won't let up.
Perhaps physical
therapy could help.
Or those, um, those pills
you gave me the last time.
They fixed me right up.
To be honest with you, Deb,
I am not comfortable
prescribing you more medication.
Okay, this is awkward. Um...
I guess we both know I don't
actually have back problems.
My issues are far
more complicated.
I've lost my son, my husband,
and I've realized that
without my family --
dysfunctional as it was --
I'm a failure.
Deb, I'm sure these pills
are making you feel better,
but they are not the answer.
You need to get your life in order,
starting with therapy.
You're right.
I will make the
appointment for you.
Okay, everyone, settle down.
People!
Magazines aren't
allowed in class.
And, you,
stop making a spectacle of yourself.
What's the matter, Mr. Chavez?
I thought you liked
high-school girls.
After school, miss Gatina.
And next, we presents the latest
line from Hoes Over Broes
by designer Brooke Davis.
Mouthy...
can you come over here and
help me put on my shoe?
I don't want to chip my nails.
Thanks.
Now I know why they
call you "Mouth."
By the way,
I'm really excited for tonight.
Hey, you.
I heard you're helping
out with Brooke's show.
Yeah. Uh...
came to check it out?
Came to check you out.
And I had to ask
you a question.
Which do you like better,
red or blue?
Red, I guess. Why?
I was trying to figure out what
to wear tonight... on our date.
Right... our date...
tonight.
Well, red it is.
Okay, see you tonight.
Yeah.
Tonight.
Hey, guys, come on in.
Good to see you.
Oh, I'm so excited
to have the kids.
Um, listen,
I don't want you to worry.
I've read all the latest
childcare periodicals,
and I'm CPR certified,
and I've stacked up on organicnacks
and  some really fun learning
games for the kids.
So if you have any questions,
feel free.
Just one.
Do you have the numbers
for the local authorities?
- Oh, yeah, of course. Yeah.
- Super.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
Okay, kids,
what do you want to do first?
Kids?
I'd say, "nice spread," but that's
probably inappropriate for a teacher.
Bet you wouldn't have a
problem saying it to Brooke.
Aren't you her teacher, too?
I get it.
You like to be the
center of attention,
get a rise out of people.
It's the hallmark
of insecurity.
Wow. You're an underpaid
high-school teacher
sleeping with a student,
and I'm insecure?
Yeah, okay.
You seem to be in the driver's seat,
miss Gatina.
So what do you want?
Just one thing.
I think we should close
the door for this.
Hey. Peyton, uh...
you have a visitor.
I have to go to the
café before the game,
and I didn't want you to be alone,
so I called him.
- What happened?
- Nothing.
I don't know.
I had a panic attack, I guess.
So you weren't fine,
but you went to school anyway,
just to prove me wrong.
O kay.
Fine, I learned my lesson,
and now I'm a mess.
You got what you wanted,
I guess.
What I want is for you to
admit you have a problem
so we can deal with it,
instead of hiding and
pretending everythg's fine.
Everday, people all over
the world get beat down.
They lose their families,
they lose their friends,
and every day,
those people fight like hell
to put their lives
back together!
They don't curl in
a ball and give up.
Look, you need to back off.
She's had a rough day.
It won't get easier with you
babying her every step away.
You think you can protect her,
but you can't.
The sooner both of you realize that,
the better.
You know when the world
backs off, Peyton?
- When you make it back off.
- Fine.
Then back the hell off.
Okay.
Guess I'm done wasting my time.
I think I like the
other Derek better.
I'm... sorry.
I shouldn't have called him.
No, it's fine.
He's a pain in the ass,
but he's right.
You should go, too.
I'll meet you at the game.
No, you can come with me.
I can't keep
letting you save me.
Got to learn to
get by on my own.
I'll be fine.
I've got my watchdog.
Yeah, it's...
kind of disturbing.
He keeps the monsters at bay.
Hey.
- How's it going?
- Amazing.
Buyers have been coming up, saying
they want my line in their stores.
I'm so psyched I'd pass out,
but I have another show in an hour.
What's the matter?
I wish my timing was better on this,
but, um...
there's something you
need to know about Nick.
What?
Well, he kept me after
school today, and...
when we were alone,
he hit on me.
You can't see him anymore, Brooke.
He's a bad guy.
Do you understand that?
I understand that you don't
have a boyfriend right now,
and maybe you're feeling a little
jealous. It's normal, but --
All right,
you don't believe me.
You know what? Never mind.
See you later.
Um, what's the holdup?
I-I think there's
a mistake here.
It looks like your doctor has
prescribed three different sedatives.
I have a complicated condition,
and I'd appreciate a
little sensitivity.
I'm still gonna have to confirm
this with your doctor's office.
Listen, little man!
I don't know what your problem is,
but I don't have time for this crap!
How hard is it to fill
one lousy prescription?!
Just walk your midget,
little legs back there,
put the pills in the bottle,
and hand them over to mommy.
Can  you do that, stumpy?
Y-yeah, yeah.
Yeah, y-yeah, fine.
Randy, sweetie?
Been in there a long time!
I have some snacks!
Is this for me?
Thank you, sweetie.
What is that?
Dirt and water.
Dirt and water?
I don't know--
Oh! Gosh.
Wow! That's a... cool costume.
Slash her, Randy! Slash her!
Slash her, Randy!
Sorry, mom.
I'll pay you back. I promise.
And in local news,
Mayor Scott's ex-wife, Deb Scott,
was arrested today after
attempting to purchase drugs,
using a falsified prescription.
Damn it, mom.
You know who I am?
If convicted, Mrs. Scott could
face up to ten years in prison.
She is currently at Tree Hill
County jail awaiting bail.
Guess Deb won't be
making the game tonight.
Principal Turner,
they told me you wanted to see me,
but I'm kind of
in a rush, so...
Miss Davis,
there are allegations
that our newest teacher,
Mr. Chavez,
has been having sexual
relations with a student,
and we're told that
student is you.
That's not true.
It's a serious matter,
and until it's cleared up,
Mr. Chavez is suspended.
If it comes to light any part
of the allegations are true...
he'll be fired.
But they're not,
and whoever said that
to you is lying.
Who would do that?
I would.
I got suspended today.
I know.
Did you also know that
Rachel's a conniving bitch?
I thought she was a friend of yours.
Why would she go to the principal?
Because she said
you hit on her.
Brooke...
Is it true?
How can you even ask that?
Especially since she hit on me.
She made some snide
comment about us in class.
It got me worried.
I tried talking to her,
but she started coming on to me.
Said she thought
older guys were hot.
I can't believe she'd do that --
not to me.
Brooke, people talk about her.
Even the teachers.
I get the sense that this behavior's
pretty typical for Rachel.
Yeah, but I'm her friend.
Hey... I'm sorry about this.
But I think you know me.
I hope you do.
How well do you know Rachel?
Hey, Brooke?
Oh, sorry if I'm interrupting,
but do you mind if I
borrow this dress tonight?
I'm headed into town with my
girls and I got to look fierce.
Sure.
You know, why don't you keept?
Really?
Ahhh! Thank you!
Aah. Hey, what do you think?
Bitchin', right?
Definitely.
Okay.
That's some dress.
What do you think my
chances are of getting
such an amazing,
talented designer to kiss me?
So, which one of you
whores is my ex-wife?
Oh, right.
The old one on the end.
You came all the way down here
just to rub it in my face?
Yes.
But I also have a proposition.
I can get you out of this fix.
But you have to sign
Tric back to Karen.
Go to hell.
No, I don't think
you understand.
I can bail you out and
use my clout as mayor
to have the charges dropped.
Hell, I'll even throw in a couple
of painkillers for your ride home.
Or you can risk spending the
next two to four years in prison
as some con's cell bitch
instead of the regular
old bitch you usually are.
You make this go away,
and I'm not going to rehab.
O.D. for all I care, Deb,
but you're signing Tric
back over to Karen.
I'll see you on
the outside, boozy.
Miss Dunbar?
Hi.
Yeah, everything's great.
I was just wondering
when you might be able to
come pick up the kids.
Well, it's just that I was
expecting you -- over an hour ago.
Well, no,
I can't because my husband's got --
Hello?!
Hey!
Who wants to go for a ride?
The crowd is electric tonight.
One more win,
and the Tree Hill Ravens
will make the state finals for
the first time in 18 years.
More than ever before,
all eyes are on Nathan Scott.
Hey, coach,
I thought you should know...
I made the call to Duke.
I'm gonna take the scholarship.
What about Haley?
She's gonna come with me.
Well, congratulations, son.
You're doing the right thing.
But more importantly...
you're doing it the right way.
Thanks, coach.
Hey, what are those
guys doing here?
How should I know?
Well, I saw you talking to
them on the River Court.
Mind your own business, Luke.
Oh! Well, nice outfit, Brooke.
I am so jealous of it.
Oh, wait, look.
I'm wearing the same thing.
I am so freaking
full of jealousy.
Yeah, I know something
else you're full of.
I didn't make it five minutes in there.
Go ahead. Call me a baby.
I didn't come to call you a baby.
I'm here to apologize.
Look, if I promise to quit
being a damn jackass,
you think you could forgive me?
I don't know.
I was kind of getting
used to the yelling.
Look... I know this
psycho's still out there,
and I know what he did to you,
but you have a choice.
You can let it destroy you,
or you can get up and fight.
And if it feels like
I'm beating up on you,
it's only because I want you to get so
pissed off you start swinging back.
Well, I don't know if
I'm strong enough.
If you feel like you're
not strong enough,
then fall back on me.
Because I'll be here.
Okay?
I'll be here as long
as you keep trying.
You said you didn't want that.
I know.
It's just I haven't let
many people in, Peyton.
So maybe I was the
one who was scared.
Five minutes, huh?
Tomorrow it'll be six.
- Okay.
- All right.
Hold onto the ball, Scott!
Come on, Nate, kick the ball out, man.
What's up?
Sorry.
What is going on out there?
Can somebody explain to me
why we're only four points up
when we should be blowing
them out of the water?!
It's like you guys are
trying to give away points!
Get out there and shoot around!
You need it!
Hey, Nate...
- what's going on?
- With what?
Well, the way you're
playing tonight.
It's not nerves. I know you.
You don't know anything.
Well, I know you were
having money problems.
And I know Dan
didn't help you out.
Then suddenly you're talking to
those guys out there on court,
and now you're
playing like crap.
What do they want
you to do, Nate?
What -- lose the game?
Betray your teammates and your
coach for a couple of bucks?
All right, listen to me.
Take the self-righteous
attitude and shove it.
Until you're drowning in debt,
you've got a wife and a kid on the way,
you can't begin to understand
what I'm going through.
You better help me understand,
or I'm going to Whitey.
Listen, I'd never
lose a game, okay?
We're still gonna win...
just by less than 10 points.
Lucas, don't, okay?
The only reason we've gone
this far is because of me.
And besides,
all anybody cares about is winning.
Nobody cares if I gave
it my all or not.
Do you really believe that?
Yeah, okay?
I have to believe that.
I got no other way out.
Unless you got 15
grand lying around.
Is there a problem here?
No.
Gee, I really need to
stop being roommates
with boyfriend-stealing
skanks, Peyton.
Oh, I mean, Rachel.
What are you talking about?
I talked to Nick.
He told me what really happened.
You went in, shoved your
magazine spread in his face,
and hit on him.
I wouldn't do that to you.
Really? Let's go over the list
of things you have done to me.
You tried to seduce Lucas
when he was my boyfriend,
take my spot as cheer captain,
and two weeks ago, you told the
entire school that I was pregnant!
I was just beginning to
think you were a real person,
but you're just a slutty,
lying liar who lies.
- Gimme, gimme!
It's not polite,
you guys. Here.
Thank you. Sorry... sorry.
Hey -- Hey, you guys.
Now, don't throw popcorn.
Hey! Hey!
That is not a nice thing to do.
Hey, Haley!
How's the babysitting going?
It's horrible.
These kids are driving me crazy.
The game's already started.
I'm completely stressed out.
It's everything I can do...
Karen, what am I doing wrong?
- You want the truth?
- Yes.
Nothing. You just
got to hang in there.
No, no!
Glad you could make it.
What's this?
Ownership papers to Tric.
It's all yours.
Dan, what did you do?
Oh, I just beat some
sense into Deb.
I'm kidding.
I caught her at a
rare sober moment,
offered to get her some
help in exchange for Tric.
Look, uh, accepting an old
crib from you is one thing,
but this is too much.
You'd rather Deb have it?
You saw the news.
She could barely take care of herself.
Look, no matter your
feelings for me,
this is the right thing to do --
for you and the baby...
and for business.
Tell me I'm wrong --
I'll take it back.
Okay, it's definitely the
strangest gift I've ever gotten.
Not sure that I'm "Million
Dollar Baby" material.
Trust me. If we share any genes,
you've got some fight in you.
Where'd you learn to box?
My dad -- well, our dad --
started me really young.
That was before he
left my mom and me.
You know? Guess this is why
I didn't want to meet you.
You know, I always hated him
for leaving and meeting Ellie...
and having you --
even though I didn't know you.
That kind of anger used to eat me up,
you know?
Then I started punching it out.
You know, taking the pain head on,
driving it back.
I'm hoping you could
do the same, okay?
"The world backs off when
you make it back off," right?
Yeah.
I don't --
I don't know if I can.
I do. Come on.
Now, you want to use your whole body,
all right?
You want to an on this foot here,
Okay.
Yeah.
Time winding down in the fourth quarter,
and the Ravens have a 7-point lead --
now 9 points.
And the Cats are gonna call time-out.
Nathan, take a seat.
What? Why?
Because we're up by 9,
and I'm not gonna expose my
best player to injuries.
Coach, we only got a
couple seconds left.
It only takes one to blow out a knee.
Now sit down.
Luke, come here.
Look, they're gonna
be looking to foul.
You're our best
free-throw shooter.
Now, I want you to go in
there and ice this thing.
One, two, three -- Ravens!
If the Ravens score
one more point,
Nathan Scott doesn't leave
this gym in one piece.
So, Lucas Scott checks in to the game.
The Ravens are up by 9.
Just five seconds stand between them
and a trip to the state championship.
Three seconds now.
The Ravens pick up a quick steal!
And that's gonna ice it.
With two seconds
left on the clock,
the Ravens are headed to
the state championship.
All that remains is for
Lucas Scott to seal it.
What's his free-throw
percentage, Gigi?
Well, he's 92% from the line...
and 100% hot.
If Luke can make this free-throw,
the lead will be 10 points,
and that would be the Ravens' ninth
double-digit victory of the season.
The shot is up.
And it's no good!
The Cats rebound, the buzzer sounds,
and this one's over!
We won!
The crowd go on the floor and
this place is going crazy.
The Ravens have won by 9!
They're headed to the
state championship, baby!
Yeah!
Yo Mouth!
Great job on the
play-by-play, dawg.
But now that we going to state,
I kind of want to pump up
my profile a little bit.
So... I was thinking...
maybe you could start
referring to me as...
"Mad Skills Taylor."
Everything cool, man?
Actually, I need your advice.
Um, if you had to choose a date
between a super-hot model
and her model friends
or a nice girl
who's kind of odd,
who'd you pick?
Hmm... that's an
interesting dilemma.
I say pick the girl that's the
most beautiful on the inside.
Man, is you crazy?!
Look, first of all,
models ain't just walking around
handing out party passes to no
too-short, no-ass kids like you.
No disrespect, I'm just saying...
don't blow it.
I mean, opportunity
only gonna knock once.
And if you don't answer...
I will.
I'm sorry, have you guys seen
a little boy, a little girl,
blond-hair, blue-eyed,
really loud and...?
Great.
All right, ready? Okay.
So, I'm gonna teach you how
to shoot real quick, okay?
Put this hand here,
that's just for balance.
Put your index
finger right there.
Whoa, that was awesome!
When I grow up,
I want to be just like you.
All right, you try.
Brooke.
Hey. Do you mind
if I stay here?
After all that stuff that
happened with Rachel today,
I just can't stay
with her tonight.
Sure, but I was just heading
out to get something to eat.
Want to?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm starving.
Let me just put my bag down.
Brooke.
Well, I don't know
who I hate more...
Mr. Chavez.
You, for being a lying bastard
or me for believing your crap
and betraying my friend.
Regret comes in all
shapes and sizes.
Some are small...
like when we do a bad
thing for a good reason.
Hi, friend.
Some are bigger...
like when we let down a friend.
You were right.
I'm sorry, Brooke.
I wish I wasn't.
Some of us escape
the pangs of regret
by making the right choice.
Hi.
I'm glad I picked red.
You look beautiful.
Thank you. Goodbye.
That's actually kind of sweet.
Or not.
You still think you like kids?
I'll like our kid.
Some of us have little
time for regret
because we're looking
forward to the future.
Sometimes we have to fight to
come to terms with the past.
And sometimes we
bury our regret
by promising to
change our ways.
Wanted to say thanks.
I know how hard it was for you
to throw those points away.
Look... I'll make it up to you
and the team at state, okay?
The point-shaving was
just a one-time thing.
It's over now.
But our biggest regrets
are not for the
things we did...
but for the things
we didn't do.
Things we didn't say...
that could have saved
someone we care about...
Nathan...
you know I'll always
be there for you.
But never again.
...especially when we can see the
dark storm that's headed their way.
Transcript : Amariss
Subtitles : Willow's Team
www.forom.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org